WIP Give Client docs some love? (#6)
valencik/http4s: docs/docs/client.md

val httpClient: Client[IO] = JavaNetClientBuilder[IO].create
```

### Describing a Request

To execute a GET request, we can call `expect` with the type we expect
and the URI we want:

```scala mdoc:silent
val helloJames: IO[String] =
  httpClient.expect[String]("http://localhost:8080/hello/James")
```

We don't have any output from the server yet as we have not executed the
request.  We have an `IO[String]` value, which is a description of a
program that will request a `String` from the server when run.

Let's build another program that makes requests in parallel to greet a
collection of people:

```scala mdoc:silent
import cats.effect.IO
import cats.syntax.all._
import org.http4s.Uri

def hello(name: String): IO[String] = {
  val target = uri"http://localhost:8080/hello/" / name
  httpClient.expect[String](target)
}

val people = List("Michael", "Jessica", "Ashley", "Christopher")

val greetingList: IO[List[String]] =
  people.parTraverse(hello)
```

We use `parTraverse` to apply `hello` to each person and collect the results into
one `IO[List[String]]`. The `par` prefix on `parTraverse` indicates that this
will happen for each person concurrently.

### Running a Request

> So far we have built two programs, `helloJames` will make a request to greet James,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far we have built two programs: `helloJames` will make a request to greet James,
```

f2(10)
```

> We see how `f2` changes from `f1` by passing an incremented argument to the original function.

Reviewer: awkward wording here

```suggestion
We see how `f2` wraps `f1` by passing an incremented argument to the original function.
```
